long lasting gel color by OPI services
start with clean detailed nails first
wash and sanitize hands with Swiss blue
liquid hand soap and swiss hand guard
antiseptic hand wash gel
push back cuticles and clean the nail
plates with the OPI pusher plus dipped
in swiss handguard
remove the residue with an expert touch
nail wipe saturated with na s 99 use the
dexterity dual edged nail plate cleaner
to remove any excess nonliving tissue
around the cuticles
detail the cuticles with the a q-tip
professional precision nipper shape the
free edges with an OPI crystal file or
edge white 240 file if the nails require
smoothing use only the 220 side of the
Flex to 2280 buffer to gently buff them
it is not necessary to rough nails prior
to gel color services dust and cleanse
nails with an expert touch nail wipe
saturated with na s 99 apply one coat of
bonded pH balancing agent and allow the
nails to dry
you